When the Vestals invaded New Vestroia and captured
all the Bakugan, they didn't count on Drago and
I returning to free our friends.
Time to get... serious!
So we joined the Bakugan Battle Brawlers
Resistance!
Together we have a chance to defeat the Vexos, take
back New Vestroia and save the Bakugan once and for all!
[battle squawk]
Let's go, Drago!
Bakugan... Brawl!
[\u266a]
Master Spectra! Wake up!
Did you know Earth has juice in boxes?
Master?
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Show Me the Power!\"
Bakugaaaan!
Bakugan is lots of fun.
Our Brawlin's got 'em on the run!
Left, right, left, right!
Pick it up Baron!
Finish line!
[panting]
You're trying to kill me.
Poor Baron looks ready to... collapse.
[quiet laughing]
Aaah! Hurts so good!
You're training hard, Dan.
Yeah...
But when I think of Marucho and Shun battling alone
on New Vestroia, I can't just sit here and do nothing.
You know?
So I'm gonna train and stay in fighting shape.
Say cheesy!
Runo?
Now I'll have to take another one.
You totally blinked.
Hey a new camera?
That's cool.
I borrowed it from my Dad...
When things get tough, shots like these remind me
why we battle.
Lemme take one!
No way! You'll break it!
You'll probably throw it like a Bakugan!
I will not! Just give it!
[amused laugh]
Hey! Hands off! Get your own camera.
You might be interested to know your former Bakugan
now belong to Hydron.
What do you mean?
They are now giant, bronze statues decorating his
throne room.
He's quite proud of his collection.
No way!
Statues?
The only way for you to save your friends is to
work with me.
I'm telling you the truth!
oh...But...
Don't listen to him!
Even if what you say is true we'll never join the Vexos!
You're the ones who invaded New Vestroia and
captured the Bakugan...
First you take their world, then you treat them
like animals.
There's no way we'll work with you!
You spend too much time thinking of the past.
What's done is done.
Luckily, I can tell you what your future holds in
my crystal ball.
Ooh, it's really bad!
You'll suffer a terrible fate if you stay on the
path you've chosen.
[amused, closed-mouth chuckle]
Master!
I thought you ditched me!
You shouldn't go out on your own!
This world is so strange.
I thought you got hit by a bus or something!
You should have called me...
or left a note, master!
Since when are you my mother, Gus?
Since... never?
But...
you keep me completely in the dark.
You treat those Battle Brawlers with more respect...
I don't get why we need to have them on our side...
I'm as good a Brawler as any of them.
Except Dan Kuso.
You don't get it, Gus.
It's not the Battle Brawlers that we need...
...It's the power of their Bakugan.
I'm tired of waiting.
Make contact with Dan Kuso.
I tried to make him see reason...
Now I will have to take his Pyrus Dragonoid by force.
Man, we are totally soaked!
You kids are flooding the hallway.
I'll mop it up right away, Master Dan's mom...
Beats more running.
I thought he liked running.
Oh he does...
Just not a ten mile run in the rain.
Too much, huh?
A little hot chocolate will cheer you both up.
Ooh yeah! With marshmallows!
[tired sigh]
I know you!
Dan Kuso...
Spectra!
I challenge you to another Bakugan battle, if you dare...
Let's settle our differences once and for all.
Alone...
After all, it won't be any fun if the others
interfere like last time, will it?
You want a one on one battle, huh?
That sounds good to me.
And I know the perfect place for it too.
It's your territory...
You can pick the spot.
[cocky chuckle]
Be careful...
Dan! You coming?
Dan? No way.
He's gone on another run?
Why can't I go with you?
If something goes wrong you might need me and Vulcan!
Do you truly believe I can't defeat one foolish Earthling?
No-- No way!
Dan Kuso is no match for your devastating power,
Master Spectra...
Forgive me.
I was just kidding.
Glad to hear it...
Gus.
It's bad weather...
for a Pyrus battle.
We're not afraid of a little rain.
Right, Helios?
[dismissive grunt] No rain could douse the flames
that burn within me.
You are eager for a rematch.
Yes...
The dragonoid would never have defeated me without
the power of the perfect core.
I must have revenge!
Hi guys...
Master Runo!
Hey, where's Dan?
Isn't... he with you?
He's gone...
He just took off somewhere in the rain...
Maybe I should have tried to follow him or something.
He took off?
Oh man, that's never a good sign...
Dan doesn't look for trou- -ble.
Trouble sure looks for him.
Right here I've got home field advantage...
This is where I finally took down Masquerade.
Gauntlet Activated.
[cocky laugh]...
It won't help you.
Gauntlet Activated.
Gauntlet, Power Strike!
Careful Dan.
Spectra's Bakugan was strong enough to overwhelm Tigrerra!
Chill out, Drago...
We both know the score...
It's time to put Spectra on ice... for good.
Then what are we waiting for?
Gate Card Open!
Bakugan Brawl!
Flame on, Drago!
Let's show 'em how it's done!
[powerful battle roar]
You're no match... for my all-powerful, Pyrus Helios!
Bakugan Brawl!
Helios Stand!
[powerful battle roar]
We meet again, Helios.
Hmmmph...
I've been waiting for a rematch, dragonoid!
Today I will show you...
what true power is!
Bring it on!
In the name of my friends and New Vestroia, let's brawl!
I'm gonna tear Drago apart!
[battle roar]
You don't look so tough, dragonoid.
Oh yeah?
Ability Card, Set!
Let's show 'em Drago.
Ability Activate.
Burning Dragon!
[battle attack roar]
Feel the burn?
- What!? - No way!?
Drago 600.
Is that all you got?
We're just gettin' started...
Double Ability Activate!
Fire Tornado Plus Burning Tornado!
Helios 300.
Drago 900.
[dismissive grunt]...
That won't last for long...
Watch this...
Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate!
Burst Core!
[effort grunt]
Drago 600.
Helios 600.
So you got lucky.
Not luck...
Ability Activate.
General Quasar!
Helios 800.
That's...
nothing!
Ability Activate...
Fire Shield.
Helios minus 200
[painful effort]
How's that?
[closed mouth disdain grunt]
Fusion Ability Activate Omega!
[painful effort]
Helios 800.
[dismissive grunt]
[chuckle]...
Not bad, haircase...
But not good enough, either.
Really?
What a joke...
Everyone says you're the best of the best, but so far?
Not impressed.
You're on!
Then Gate Card Open!
Bakugan Brawl!
Helios Stand!
[battle attack roar]
Bakugan Brawl!
Calculating Power Levels.
Double Ability Activate.
Burning Tornado plus Burning Dragon!
Helios 400.
Drago 800.
[battle attack roar]
[impact and extreme effort]
You... will... not... win.
No big deal...
Helios.
Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate.
Nova Spiral!
[battle attack roar]
Power level transfer complete.
What!
Ah Snap!
Let's end this.
Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate.
Void Stream.
Fine by me...
You wanna feel the sting?
Come Pyrus Scorpio!
Ability Activate!
Reflection Boost!
Helios 100.
[fearful roar]
What?
Ha!
Now you see how we roll...
You want more?
Enough games!
I quite agree.
This would all be over but you're afraid to show me
your real power.
Don't hold back?
You asked for it...
Gate Card Set.
Bakugan Brawl!
Drago Stand!
[battle attack roar]
Bakugan Brawl!
Helios Stand!
[battle attack roar]
Calculating Power Levels.
Let me at him!
[battle roar]
Don't worry Helios...
We won't hold back this time.
Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate.
General Quasar plus Fusion Ability Omega.
That's all? So weak.
Ability Activate!
Tornado Barrier!
[battle attack roar]
Helios 500.
Bring on the heat, Drago!
That got us nothing!
Ability Activate.
Maximum Quasar!
This may hurt a bit.
[extreme pain]
Drago!
Are you all right?
I...I'm okay...
[dismissive snort]
So the Dragonoid doesn't live up to the hype.
[anger growl]
Give me more power, Spectra.
I want to crush this salamander.
You got it...
Let's see what you do with this...
Come Mechanical Bakugan Trap, Pyrus Metalfencer!
A mechanical Bakugan Trap?
Metalfencer...
assume battle unit mode.
[battle attack roar]
Combined Power Level, 1200.
That Bakugan is fully loaded!
[dismissive grunt]...
Ability Activate.
Red Valkyrie!
Drago!
Get out of there!
You can fly but you can't hide!
I gotta give him back up...
Drago!
Help is on the way!
I could use it!
Ability Card Set!
Ability Activate!
Strike Dragon!
[mighty battle roar]
Still not enough!
Pathetic...
No, it's beautiful.
[mighty roar]
All that power concentrated in one human's Bakugan.
What a waste.
But it won't be, once I've got my hands on it.
We've got to hammer this battle home!
Come, Bakugan Trap Scorpio!
You're gonna wish you never messed with us.
Check it.
Ability Card Set.
Triple Ability Activate!
Burning Tornado!
Plus Burning Dragon!
Plus Fusion Ability, Pyrus Slayer!
That's the way we brawl!
Your Triple Ability means nothing...
You've reached the limit...
But I've got more...
Double Ability Activate!
Ability Card Set.
Nova Defenser!
Plus Red Valkyrie!
Watch and learn!
[battle attack roar]
Drago 1100.
Scorpio!
That's it!
Ability Activate!
Burning Dragon!
How'dya like that?
That's the final insult!
I was created to destroy everything in my path.
Unleash me, Spectra!
As you wish.
This Forbidden Card...
will grant your wish...
Power beyond measure.
That card!
He can't be serious.
Ability Activate!
Nova Blazer X!
[\u266a]
[intensifying power grunts and roar]
What's... it doing?
[evil snicker]
What kind of Card is this?
I've never seen anything like it.
[rabid breathing]
Its Power level is off the hook!
Spectra, no!
How can you do this to your partner?
By using Chaos Ability X, I can give him power
beyond his limit!
Admit it...
He is the most magnificent Bakugan...
you have ever seen!
[rabid breathing]
Helios!
Resist this power!
It's destroying you!
Leave me alone, weakling!
[mighty battle attack roar]
Drago!
I'm sorry, Dan.
Life gauge zero.
No! It can't be!
Thanks for the Pyrus Dragonoid, Dan Kuso.
Wait a minute. You can't do this!
You want me to just give back Drago?
You're a brawler, like me...
So you know that you have to win him back in battle...
[dismissive chuckle]
[conflicted breathing]...
But...
[despairing breathing]
Drago!
[frightened gasp]
Oh dear!
Your future is even darker than before!
You must have done something pretty terrible
since the last time I saw you here.
I've heard enough, you foolish old woman.
[frightened squeal]
Why should I care what a fortune teller thinks?
All that matters is reaching my ultimate goal.
All that matters is the final victory!
[frustration grunt] [frustrated breathing]
No... Noooooooo!
Spectra may have taken Drago away but I'm not
gonna waste time sulking.
I'm in for some heavy duty training!
Aw, who am I kidding?
How can I free the Bakugan without Drago?
I'm gonna need some serious back-up.
Like, ancient, mystic warrior serious!
The action's heating up!
Bakugan Brawl!
It's gonna be the biggest brawl yet!
[\u266a]